[android] Improve error handling when importing bookmarks (#7286)
organicmaps/organicmaps: data/strings/strings.txt

    id = Jenis file tidak dikenali oleh aplikasi:\n%1$@
    it = Il tipo di file non è riconosciuto dall'applicazione:\n%1$@
    ja = ファイルタイプがアプリに認識されない：\n%1$@
    ko = 파일 형식이 앱에서 인식되지 않습니다:\n%1$@
    lt = Programa neatpažįsta failo tipo:\n%1$@
    mr = फाइल प्रकार ॲपद्वारे ओळखला जात नाही:\n%1$@
    nb = Filtypen gjenkjennes ikke av appen:\n%1$@
    nl = Het bestandstype wordt niet herkend door de app:\n%1$@
    pl = Typ pliku nie jest rozpoznawany przez aplikację:\n%1$@
    pt = O tipo de ficheiro não é reconhecido pela aplicação:\n%1$@
    pt-BR = O tipo de arquivo não é reconhecido pelo aplicativo:\n%1$@
    ro = Tipul de fișier nu este recunoscut de aplicație:\n%1$@
    ru = Тип файла не поддерживается приложением:\n%1$@
    sk = Aplikácia nerozpoznáva typ súboru:\n%1$@
    sv = Filtypen känns inte igen av appen:\n%1$@
    sw = Aina ya faili haitambuliwi na programu:\n%1$@
    th = แอปไม่รู้จักประเภทไฟล์:\n%1$@
    tr = Dosya türü uygulama tarafından tanınmıyor:\n%1$@
    uk = Тип файлу не розпізнається програмою:\n%1$@
    vi = Loại tệp không được ứng dụng nhận dạng:\n%1$@
    zh-Hans = 应用程序无法识别文件类型：\n%1$@
    zh-Hant = 應用程式無法識別該文件類型：\n%1$@

  [failed_to_download_file]

>     comment = Failed to download a bookmark file.

Reviewer: Since when downloading of bookmarks is supported in OM?

Reviewer: Does it mean that OM can actually download bookmarks from remote URLs? Are there any proofs that its possible? AFAIU OM can open only local content URLs. Right?

Using the "Download" word now looks very misleading.

    zh-Hans = 书签上传失败。该文件可能已损坏或有缺陷。
    zh-Hant = 書籤上傳失敗。 檔案可能有毀損或是不完全。

  [unknown_file_type]

>     comment = Failed to recognize the format of a bookmark file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    comment = Failed to recognize the format of a bookmarks or tracks file.
```
?

    id = Jenis file tidak dikenali oleh aplikasi:\n%1$@
    it = Il tipo di file non è riconosciuto dall'applicazione:\n%1$@
    ja = ファイルタイプがアプリに認識されない：\n%1$@
    ko = 파일 형식이 앱에서 인식되지 않습니다:\n%1$@
    lt = Programa neatpažįsta failo tipo:\n%1$@
    mr = फाइल प्रकार ॲपद्वारे ओळखला जात नाही:\n%1$@
    nb = Filtypen gjenkjennes ikke av appen:\n%1$@
    nl = Het bestandstype wordt niet herkend door de app:\n%1$@
    pl = Typ pliku nie jest rozpoznawany przez aplikację:\n%1$@
    pt = O tipo de ficheiro não é reconhecido pela aplicação:\n%1$@
    pt-BR = O tipo de arquivo não é reconhecido pelo aplicativo:\n%1$@
    ro = Tipul de fișier nu este recunoscut de aplicație:\n%1$@
    ru = Тип файла не поддерживается приложением:\n%1$@
    sk = Aplikácia nerozpoznáva typ súboru:\n%1$@
    sv = Filtypen känns inte igen av appen:\n%1$@
    sw = Aina ya faili haitambuliwi na programu:\n%1$@
    th = แอปไม่รู้จักประเภทไฟล์:\n%1$@
    tr = Dosya türü uygulama tarafından tanınmıyor:\n%1$@
    uk = Тип файлу не розпізнається програмою:\n%1$@
    vi = Loại tệp không được ứng dụng nhận dạng:\n%1$@
    zh-Hans = 应用程序无法识别文件类型：\n%1$@
    zh-Hant = 應用程式無法識別該文件類型：\n%1$@

  [failed_to_open_file]

>     comment = Failed to open a bookmark file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    comment = Failed to open a bookmarks or tracks file in Organic Maps
```
